[Music]
a Del court on Wednesday took cognizance
of a complaint against PM Narendra Modi
for allegedly insulting the national
flag last year on International yoga day
and during his visit to the United
States I take cognizance of the
complaint fixed the matter for May 9th
Metropolitan magistrate snika sarvaria
said asking the complainant to depose
and produce evidence in support of his
allegations against the PM Ashish Sharma
the complainant has sought the court to
direct police to file an F against Modi
in his complaint Sharma said the PM had
disrespected the national flag at the
yoga Day event held at India Gate by
using it as a handkerchief he Modi was
again careless at the time of handing
over the national flag to Barack Obama
when he signed over the national flag
which is is against the national flag
code the complaint
[Music]
said